[Tidy] Remove CSS classes to position image (#919)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/changelog.d/20241204_135618_huong_li_nguyen_remove_custom_img_css.md

<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

<!--
### Highlights ✨

- A bullet item for the Highlights ✨ category with a link to the relevant PR at the end of your entry, e.g. Enable feature XXX. ([#1](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/1))

-->

### Removed

> - Remove CSS in static folder to float images. ([#919](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/919))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove built-in CSS shortcuts `#floating-*` to float images. These can still be provided manually. ([#919](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/pull/919))
```
